Ana María Aldo born one of the
characters that have given more to talk about
in me and esete in the last days after
her performance at the festival of sálvame
sponsored by Rocío Carrasco Federico
Jiménez losantos has openly criticized
the attitude of the designer whom he
reproaches for making friends with the
media executioners of the father of her son
José Ortega Cano about the performance already
concretizing he thinks that Ana María looked like
a trebelo of the Tenerife carnival and
that she was terrible but terrible it seemed that they had
done it on purpose Ana María aldón has
already announced her divorce seems
willing to stay in nidiese But one
of the tolls that she has to pay are the
relentless criticism of Federico